Add/ubuntu22.04 (#155)
intel/he-toolkit: README.md

  PALISADE. This error seems independent of the HE Toolkit and is currently
  being investigated.

> * HE Toolkit `SEAL` examples currently don't work with `clang-12`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* HE Toolkit `SEAL` examples currently do not work with `clang-12`
```

  on `ubuntu 20.04` and is under investigation.

> * HE Toolkit `SEAL` examples currently don't work with `clang-12` and `clang-13`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* HE Toolkit `SEAL` examples currently do not work with `clang-12` and `clang-13`
```

  on `ubuntu 22.04` and is under investigation.

> 

Reviewer 2: We should only test clang-14 on ubuntu 22.04

Author: Jack recommended that we also test Clang-12 and clang-13 on Ubuntu 22.04. So I have it documented as part of known issues.
